Meet the owner
It's because the father-in-law of this ring is right
This is the order of the gods of Tiancheng Temple
Ancestral training of the Temple of God
The person who got this ring is the owner of Tiancheng Hall
Get up first
Tiancheng Hall Master
You are also from the Temple of Heaven
There are a total of 13 halls to the Temple of Heaven
Getting together is just one of them
But
I have very little contact with people in other halls
Unless called by the shopkeeper
Otherwise, you won't be easily exposed
Except for the 13 halls of the building
There is grace all over the world
But the specific information is because my status is too low.
Don't know yet
You go back first
If something happens, I will find you again.
Sunny
Are you serious about what you said to Mr. Xu just now?
Is that right? What are you talking about?